[Feature]: add Ulysses advanced_uaa mode (#1379)
vllm-project/vllm-omni: docs/design/feature/sequence_parallel.md

---

## UAA Mode (Experimental)

> `ulysses_mode="advanced_uaa"` enables the experimental UAA ("Ulysses Anything Attention") path that was introduced to address the uneven-shape cases discussed in [issue #1324](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm-omni/issues/1324).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ulysses_mode="advanced_uaa"` enables the experimental UAA ("Ulysses Anything Attention") feature, which handles any sequence length and any number of heads. The same feature is supported in [Cache-DiT](https://cache-dit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/CONTEXT_PARALLEL/#uaa-ulysses-anything-attention)
```

This issue is closed. Please do not include it the doc.
